objName ball
objFileName Models/ball.obj
objTextureName Textures/chrome.jpg
positionX 4.2
positionY 0
positionZ 4

objName leftPaddle
objFileName Models/paddle.obj
objTextureName Textures/meat.jpg
positionX -2
positionY 0.0
positionZ 7.5

objName rightPaddle
objFileName Models/paddle.obj
objTextureName Textures/meat.jpg
positionX 1
positionY 0.0
positionZ 7.5

objName Lgutter
objFileName Models/Lgutter.obj
objTextureName Textures/meat2.jpg
positionX -2.8
positionY -0.2
positionZ 5.0

objName Rgutter
objFileName Models/Rgutter.obj
objTextureName Textures/meat2.jpg
positionX 2.8
positionY -0.2
positionZ 5.0

objName plunger
objFileName Models/plunger.obj
objTextureName Textures/metal.jpg
positionX 4.3
positionY 0.1
positionZ 6.0

objName lane
objFileName Models/lane.obj
objTextureName Textures/hay.jpg
positionX 3.4
positionY 0.0
positionZ -5

objName corner
objFileName Models/corner.obj
objTextureName Textures/hay.jpg
positionX 4.2
positionY -.5
positionZ -8

objName bumper1
objFileName Models/bumper.obj
objTextureName Textures/meat.jpg
positionX -3.5
positionY -2.5
positionZ -3

objName bumper2
objFileName Models/bumper.obj
objTextureName Textures/meat.jpg
positionX -0.5
positionY -2.5
positionZ -5

objName bumper3
objFileName Models/bumper.obj
objTextureName Textures/meat.jpg
positionX 2.5
positionY -2.5
positionZ -3

objName bumper4
objFileName Models/bumper.obj
objTextureName Textures/meat.jpg
positionX -0.5
positionY -2.5
positionZ 0

objName bumper5
objFileName Models/bumper.obj
objTextureName Textures/meat.jpg
positionX -0.5
positionY -2.5
positionZ -2

objName leftTriangleBumper
objFileName Models/leftTriangle.obj
objTextureName Textures/hay.jpg
positionX -3.8
positionY 0
positionZ 1

objName rightTriangleBumper
objFileName Models/rightTriangle.obj
objTextureName Textures/hay.jpg
positionX 2.8
positionY 0
positionZ 1

objName leftTriangleBumper1
objFileName Models/leftTriangle.obj
objTextureName Textures/hay.jpg
positionX -2.3
positionY 0
positionZ -7.5

objName rightTriangleBumper1
objFileName Models/rightTriangle.obj
objTextureName Textures/hay.jpg
positionX 1.3
positionY 0
positionZ -6.0

objName table
objFileName Models/table.obj
objTextureName Textures/grass.jpg
positionX 0.0
positionY 0.0
positionZ 0.0

objName backboard
objFileName Models/backboard.obj
objTextureName Textures/backboard.png
positionX 0.0
positionY 0.0
positionZ -10.0
